Previously on "Switched at birth..."
I'm coach Medlock. Do you have a second?
I decided to take coach Medlock's offer.
I'm gonna join the Buckner team.
It's really nice to meet you.
What was I supposed to do?
Just watch you drop out of school?
I went out on a limb
to put you on this team
and I'm starting to regret that decision.
You put me on the team because I'm deaf
and the school gets disability funding.
Do you guys wanna see if
we can save this team?
- Come on.
- Daphne, it's good to have you back
playing for The Mustangs.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm sorry, everyone.
Everybody, we...
we had a fantastic season.
Just fantastic.
But Marshall didn't beat us. I blew it.
I missed an easy layup and now it's over.
No Springfield tournament.
No more girls basketball.
Hold on, we don't know that for sure.
We do not know that they are
cancelling this program.
I know. Yeah.
Hey.
I finished it.
I wasn't sure if you needed it back.
I told Ty that we're dating,
and I should've told him a long time ago.
Can we get past this?
'cause someone's birthday is coming up.
Come on!
It is my turn to plan something amazing.
And I have a few ideas...
all of which are 100% legal.
Yeah, what's happening with all that?
Are you gonna stay with your dad?
And I will visit you wherever you are.
- Hey, hey.
- Hey.
I got your text. What's going on?
Um, well the Carlton athletic
director called me.
It seems that the Marshall girls
celebrated their momentous
victory in the locker room
with champagne.
They've been disqualified!
Wait, what?
They're out, we're in.
- So we're going to Springfield?!
- We are going to Springfield!
- Wait, it gets better.
- Yeah.
We are playing the winner of
the west-side qualifying game...
Buckner.
- We're playing Buckner?
- Yeah.
Oh yeah. Awkward.
They're really good.
We are going to wipe
the floor with those girls.
Yeah, we are.
Hi.
Emmett's in history.
Anything.
It's about the... what situation?
- Custody.
Right.
I thought Emmett gets to choose.
Me?
Need a statement from me
about everything that I've seen.
Melody, I...
Mmm, told you it was
the best ice cream in the city.
It's good, but we're gonna have
to eat a few more ice cream joints
before I declare it the best.
What, you're not gonna
take my word for it?
Then I wouldn't have
an excuse to see you again.
Then I guess we'll have
to find another time to grab a cone.
Uh.
Okay, I've tried every form
of nonverbal communication I know...
The subtle hand brush,
leaving my knee next to
yours a little too long...
And I swear you've initiated
a hand brush or two yourself,
so I don't get it.
My ex... whatever he was...
came back into my life a few months ago,
and then he disappeared again and...
So you and I...
I'm just not ready.
I mean it wouldn't be fair to you.
You don't have to worry about me.
Okay, this is more difficult
than it should be.
- But I...
- I'm banking on you
thinking that's romantic
and not littering.
- Honey?
- Yeah.
Remember when Craig Tebbe
told us about his friend?
- You know, the editor in New York...
- Yeah.
- Rya Bellows?
- Uh-huh.
Apparently she read my proposal
and she wants to meet with me.
Really? That's great.
I knew it. I knew that they would like it!
It's only a meeting and the problem is
she's only in town
this Thursday afternoon,
so if I see her,
I might be late for the tournament.
- So you'll be late.
- What if the meeting goes long?
Or there's traffic?
I mean I can just talk to her on the phone.
It's such late notice. She'd understand.
Kathryn, it's a game, it's not a good
enough reason to, you know, cancel.
Honey, it's not just a game,
it's a tournament.
Okay, well, if you're
scared then, you know...
- I'm not scared.
- Great.
Then you get there when you get there.
- Okay.
- Mmm.
We know you can do it, Daphne.
You asked Bay to what?
I just found out myself.
Bay is the only one with
first-hand knowledge
of what's been going on over there.
But even so, you can't put
her in that kind of position.
Why didn't you talk to me first
before ambushing Bay?
I just hung up with my attorney,
I saw her on campus and it came out.
I'm sorry.
I should've talked to you both first.
If I could do it any other way,
I would. I promise.
Hey. Hi...
Bay!
Melody came to see me and I wanted to...
I appreciate the offer,
but I don't want to talk about it.
I don't need someone to give
me advice or someone
to bounce ideas off of.
I've got it under control, okay?
Okay.
So what should I do?
- You really can't win.
- I knew it.
Can you take my place?
Words I never thought I'd say to you.
I mean, have you seen anything
that you could testify to?
I've barely been to his dad's
place since he moved out,
and I've never even met the girlfriend.
Kind of a kook job.
Look, maybe I'm saying this
because Melody is like
a second mom to me...
or third mom, I guess.
Whatever. Anyway, that's where he belongs.
I wouldn't force it.
All he needs now
is just a gentle push
in the right direction.
Without pissing anyone off.
No pressure.
Hey, Emmett's going to my tournament,
so I'll try to nudge him too.
Oh, I'm sorry... I totally
spaced on congratulating you.
- Oh.
- I feel bad I can't go.
We have to get permission from
our teachers to miss class
and my english teacher's being a bitch.
So hey, good luck.
Thanks.
Hey.
So any chance
you wanna come down to
Springfield and cheer me on?
I have a physics test on
Friday and they're not letting anybody go.
Look, I feel like I screwed things up
and I really wanna make this work.
It would mean a lot to me,
and I got a hotel room to myself.
Have you ever had chicken pox?
'cause you could come down
with a really bad case
tomorrow afternoon.
So?
So...
I'll think about it.
Hello? Patrick?
Oh, sorry no. I can't go to breakfast.
I'm getting Daphne ready for school...
or she's getting me ready for work.
You are?
So when the collector canceled,
I was stuck with all these bagels.
Then I realized I'm only
a couple of blocks away.
I hope you like lox.
What's lox?
Look at him,
he totally thinks that we just
fell off the turnip truck.
We love lox!
I'll ship in a pound from
my place in Brooklyn.
It's like orange velvet.
You're the guy who opened
that art gallery, right?
I loved the show.
Well, how could you not?
Uh, you better get going
or you're gonna be late.
It was really nice to meet you.
You too.
- Bye, mom.
- Bye.
- She's great.
- Thanks,
but you can't do this.
- Do what?
- Stop by and meet my kid.
Yeah, but it went well, didn't it?
I wasn't ready for her to know
that I was dating someone.
Sorry, I just assumed
you'd told her already.
Well, I hadn't.
Okay.
So I should nix my plan
to show up tonight unannounced
with take-out chinese?
It's not exactly against him.
It's against the circumstances
that he put you in.
I don't. I got put there.
I don't want to pick sides,
but your mom can be kind of convincing.
The island of Bay?
I promise.
Okay?
Are you gonna be okay?
Hello.
The calder opening
at Crystal Bridges.
Hello?
- It's Patrick.
- Yeah, I got that.
The new museum in Arkansas...
the one the Walmart heiress just opened.
It's on like three ponds.
Yeah, I know about it.
It's supposed to be stunning.
- Are you going to the opening?
- We'going.
And there's this great
little bed and breakfast
a few blocks away.
I was going to book separate
rooms unless, of course,
there was only one room available.
Oh um...
- When is it?
- Tomorrow night.
Oh. I'm gonna be at
Daphne's basketball game.
- That's too bad.
- Seriously,
Ed Ruscha is gonna be there.
John Baldessari.
I can't miss her game.
- Patrick?
- No no, I get it.
You've never dated a single
mother before, have you?
No.
It's not fair to ask you to understand.
You know what? I need to finish
packing for the tournament.
Um, you have a good time
at the opening, okay?
- Okay. Bye.
- Bye.
Racking up the kills?
It's a racing game,
so just a few flat tires.
Uh-huh. I need a guy's opinion.
Emmett's birthday is coming up
and I want to get him something amazing.
And he's been building
a motorcycle with his dad,
but he still needs a fender.
I found a place that sells parts
and I thought I'd paint
something really cool on it.
Or option two...
there's this book I could get him...
- The fender.
- I agree.
I just need a favor from you.
Ah okay, so we just
need to look at the tire so I can make
sure I get the right size.
You're really getting him
a fender for his birthday?
Well, he's been looking for one.
Just kidding.
You're the coolest girlfriend ever.
Seriously, the only thing I ever
got my high school boyfriend
lasted like five minutes.
I think there's a measuring
tape or something over there.
It's cool. I just need to check
out the side of the tire,
get the numbers and check
out the mounting bolts.
I don't speak bike,
but it sounds good.
I'm just gonna go take this.
Oh, we'll be done in like two seconds.
Cool.
She enjoys
sharing details about
her high school sex life.
I am not seeing any numbers.
- What do you mean?
- I don't know,
they're rubbed off or something.
Um, look for the tape measure.
Bay, uh...
What's wrong?
- You think they're selling it?
- There are a lot of baggies.
So that was my boss from the restaurant...
That is not mine!
I'm just holding it for a
friend who's in between
apartments right now.
It's none of our business
and I think we're good.
- Right, Tob?
- Yeah, we're good.
Uh, please don't say anything
about this to Melody.
She's just gonna use it against Cameron
and it's gonna kill him
if he loses Emmett.
Kennish, two rooms.
Wow, this is so cool.
Yeah. Hi.
Hi, Haley. Are you a basketball player?
- Ohhh.
- They drove here from Indiana...
- Wow.
- To see the game.
Actually we just met
people in the bathroom
that came here from Houston.
- Wow, really?
- Wow.
We're here rooting for you... all of us.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Thank you, bye.
Thank you.
That is unbelievable.
That is so inspiring.
You're like a rock star to them.
Yeah. You know, maybe we should schedule
an extra practice,
run some of the new plays.
Yeah, I think that's an excellent idea.
I'll schedule us some more court time.
Thanks very much.
Let's go back there.
Look at the face.
- What time did we have the court?
- Right now.
All right, girls, off the court.
And don't dawdle in the shower.
Massages are in 15 minutes.
Ladies, we start with
layup drills, please.
Jerry, free throws after that, okay?
- Coach Kennish?
- Yeah.
I need to talk to you.
I'm a little busy right now.
Can we do it later?
There's been a complaint lodged
against one of your players.
That is such a desperate act,
to disqualify our star player
- at the beginning of a tournament.
- Now hold on, hold on!
We didn't know about
this until right now.
It was an anonymous tip.
Anonymous? It was him
or one of his players!
- What's going on?
- It's a violation of tournament code.
He says that Daphne can't play
because she switched teams.
Players have to have been
members of their team
for six consecutive weeks
or they can't participate.
She wants me to interpret for her.
Hundreds of deaf people came from all over
to see these girls play.
Daphne is a role model to them.
There's a whole community out
there rooting for this team.
Do you understand that?
Do you really want to let them down?
Do you really want to tell them
that we disqualified our best
player on a technicality?
You know what? We're fine with it.
- Good.
- Totally fine with it.
Okay, game will proceed as planned.
Excellent. Let's go.
Thank you.
"It's about mistakes,
accidents, errors in judgment"
"and how these moments define who we are"
- "and the paths we take."
- Great.
I mean, I lived through it
and you're making me
want to read about it.
- Really?
- Yeah. Keep going.
Okay. "So when we were told
by the genetic counselor"
"that there was a 99% chance
that Bay was not related to us,"
"I looked at my daughter"
"with her proud ringlets
and her fiery eyes..."
You're okay with "Proud ringlets
and fiery eyes," right, Bay?
Sorry. What?
I was trying to be literary.
But if you hate it, I can change it.
- Uh, dad's calling.
- Bay.
What's going on? Is this about Melody?
- Tell me.
- I'll get it.
Bay.
Hey, it's me.
How's it going out there?
One of the Buckner players
tried to get Daphne
- kicked off the team.
- What? Why?
Some made-up reason.
It was, quote, "An anonymous tip"
that she hadn't been on
the Carlton team long enough.
- We took care of it though.
- That sucks. Who would do that?
Someone who's threatened by Daphne
or holds some kind of
grudge against her, I guess.
We'll talk about it later.
Then, honey, you have to do something.
If I do tell someone what I saw,
then Emmett's dad could
lose custody and that
would destroy Emmett.
But if I don't say anything and
something happens to Emmett
because of what I saw...
then that's my fault.
Bay honey, you're worrying me.
And if I don't make the statement,
then Melody is going to hate me.
And if I do make the statement,
then Emmett is never gonna forgive me.
It's a custody-battle checkmate.
I'm sure whatever you decide,
Emmett will understand.
No, he won't. Mom, he made
me promise to stay out of it.
And I think he's so mad at Melody
over the whole motorcycle thing
that he can't see clearly.
Listen to me.
If you care about him and
he's really in trouble,
you have to say something to someone.
No matter what the cost?
Hey, I heard about what happened.
- I'm really glad it worked out.
- I'm sure you are.
I am!
Wait, you... wait, do you
think that I was
the one who ratted you out?
It doesn't matter.
- No, it wasn't me.
- Yeah,
because you would never
play dirty like that.
Daphne, it's only fun to
win when it's competitive.
You and me are the same that way.
I mean it.
I miss you.
Maybe after the season is behind us,
we can call a truce and hang out.
I don't know.
Let's see how it goes.
The second Kennish I've had
to beg for forgiveness today.
- What?
- Nothing.
I'll see you on the court.
Look, I'm not trying to
get anybody in troub...
I can tell this is still about
Olivia and honestly it's not...
No, look, even if Melody
hadn't come to me,
I'm worried about Emmett.
All the fighting...
he thinks that it's his fault,
he hasn't been himself lately and
honestly I'm afraid about
what he's gonna do next.
What? Olivia move out?
Okay, now I just feel like
I'm getting deeper and deeper here.
Win?
I came here because I care about Emmett
and all you care about is winning?
No, that's great.
He's probably never going to
talk to me again, but no biggie.
You get to win the battle with
Melody and I get to lose Emmett.
"Accidents, errors in judgment"
"and how these moments define who we are"
"and the paths we take."
You know, I think your readers will relate
to the challenges I've faced
even if their children
weren't switched at birth.
And if they were switched,
then this is definitely the book for them.
- You don't have to sell me.
- Oh wow.
You didn't have to come
all the way out here just to tell me that.
Under ordinary circumstances,
your book would be a slam dunk.
Ordinary circumstances?
We know there's another book
being written by a journalist.
Sarah Lazar.
And there's a good chance
she gets her book out before you do,
which is why we need not just your story
but the other mother's as well.
But I thought you said
you loved my proposal.
We feel that hearing both your stories...
two mothers' perspectives...
is even more compelling.
- Yeah but...
- Unless you get Regina on board,
I'm afraid it's too much of a risk.
You nervous about the game tomorrow?
I know.
Oh, I don't think it's gonna work out.
I do, but he's not a parent.
He doesn't understand
Why I can't just take off for the weekend
or have a spontaneous breakfast.
No matter how many times
he disappears or disappoints me,
he has a hold on me.
I don't want it. I swear.
I want him out of my life.
Well, I don't know about him either.
Seriously, dating sucks.
Daphne? Daphne?
What the hell are you doing?
I've been looking all over for you.
- You gotta get in bed.
- I'm okay.
No no,
listen to me, as
your coach and as your father,
- I'm telling you...
- And I'm telling you you don't understand.
I don't understand?
I was a professional athlete for 15 years.
I know what it means to want
something so bad for yourself.
I don't want this for me.
Okay, I... I guess I don't understand.
Emmett's deafness
defines him.
Melody too.
But I'm just Daphne.
If I were hearing, I'd still be me...
just a hearing Daphne.
But like it or not, I represent.
- We all do.
- Every team represents their school.
No.
I represent every parent at our school,
every little sister and brother,
their uncle who teaches at Gallaudet
and their deaf brother-in-law
who lives in Japan
and heard about the game and emailed me.
When you're part of
a small community,it's...
it's fantastic,
you have all these benefits.
You go anywhere, you see someone deaf...
instant friends.
But it also means
that everything you do
means something.
Sometimes I just wish I could be Daphne.
Not deaf,
not hearing,
just a girl playing basketball.
Welcome to the Springfield division 3 finals.
Buckner Bulldogs versus
the surprising Carlton Mustangs.
Ladies, I want you to look around
this room. I want you to think back
to the beginning of our season.
Did any of you imagine that
you would be here playing today?
'cause you know what? I didn't.
When I started with you all,
I did not know what you were capable of.
But each and every one of you,
you showed me.
Now let's go out there
and show everybody else.
Okay?
- One two three.
- Rah!
Tipoff goes to Carlton.
Oh, wrong-way pass from Vasquez.
And it's an easy fast break for
her old teammate Simone Sinclair.
Guess it was a good thing
I couldn't get you thrown out.
Time-out, time-out, time-out!
- Come on in. It's okay.
- Time-out Carlton.
This could be a long
game for The Mustangs.
Here she is.
And this is Emmett.
Patrick... you're here?
And with Kathryn.
I was circling the gym looking
for you and she took pity on me.
He looked like a lost Carlton fan, so...
Which I am.
What about Crystal Bridges?
I went, I schmoozed and I realized
I'd rather be spending
the weekend with you.
Oh.
Just be a girl with the ball, okay?
All right, just tune it out.
- Okay.
- You're gonna be fine.
Fine, okay?
Here we go.
- Yes!
It all comes down to this.
With 15 seconds left,
Buckner is up by three.
- Carlton steals the inbound pass.
- Yes!
Come on, right here!
And it's an easy layup for two.
Buckner leads by one
with only 10 seconds to go.
Run out the clock. Run out the clock!
Seven, six,
five...
- Let's go, bring it down!
- Three, two...
Foul foul!
- What was that?
- Simone, what the hell are you doing?
That's a shooting foul.
Carlton is going to the free throw line.
What does that mean? Is the game over?
- No
- No,
she gets to shoot two free throws.
Sorry, I'm a baseball wife.
Vasquez heads to the free throw line
and the game is on her shoulders.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
What did I tell you?
I knew you could do it.
So listen, next year,
we gotta bring buses down here.
We gotta get more people,
'cause we are coming back!
What? What'd I say?
Let's discuss it on Monday.
But we won.
Sweetie, this is not the time.
Let's just celebrate.
Wait wait wait a second. Are you...
are you telling me they're
seriously thinking
about cutting the program after this?
This was an amazing accomplishment,
but it didn't magically
create the money that we need
to keep this program alive.
I'm sorry.
Okay, first of all, Olivia has
like nine lbs of weed
in your dad's garage.
- Weed?
- Yes, weed!
Pot, marijuana. She is selling
drugs out of your dad's garage.
You think that I'd make that up?
I kept picturing rival drug dealers...
masked men with shotguns
breaking into your house
in the dead of night
looking for her stash.
Emmett, I did it because I care about you.
I know. I'm sorry but...
I don't think that it's a safe.
Emmett, I...
Damn it.
Hey.
You need a hand?
What happened? Did you hurt yourself?
I know the feeling.
I wanted to punch a wall myself today.
Did you see the game?
Yeah.
I have a bottle of vodka in my room.
I was planning on having a few
shots and watching pay-per-view.
Yeah, you should probably go wrap that.
I could help.
Got one for you, or Emmett.
Now this will fit either
a 110/90 or 120/90 tire.
Thank you, uh,
but you can keep it.
I really don't think Emmett's
ever gonna talk to me again.
Well, I'm sure whatever you did,
he'll get over it.
You guys are perfect together.
Sync by YYeTs
Corrected by MystEre
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org